
Support Engineer
Posted date:  Sep 2, 2022
Location: 

Gurgaon, Haryana, India
Our Exciting Opportunity!

We are now looking for a Support Engineer, are you interested? In this role, you will ensure customer value and happiness through an efficient service delivery.

As an Support Engineer, you will support service sales directly or indirectly via the unit resources as you understand and align with the overall service delivery processes, models, and strategies.

You will have a role in the line organization (the operational organization), with the purpose to lead their area of responsibility aligned with the instructions. You will collaborate to ensure that work is implemented within the scope of OHS requirements.
You will:

    Ensure service delivery execution
    Be responsible for driving and supporting services sales
    Build a productive work environment for individuals and own organization.
    Conduct Resource management.
    Look after unit finance within your group.

To be successful in the role you must have:

    Education: BE/B Tech or related technical degree.
    Min years of experience: 6+ Years
    Prior experience working on NMS products (OSS, ENM) from any vendor is must.
    ENM (Ericsson Network Manager) or similar Network Management technology.
    Ericsson Orchestrator or EVNFM (VNF-LCM)
    Experience in a Virtual Environment is must. Should have good exposure on:
    OpenStack (CEE)
    Kubernetes (CCD)
    Database
    Veritas

Additional Requirements:

    Should able do tracing and sophisticated logs analysis for OSS applications, RedHat Linux System Administration, Vmware and other related platforms.
    Should have worked in a Support function earlier.
    Past experience with Ericsson will be preferred.

 

Why Join Ericsson?

At Ericsson, you´ll have an outstanding opportunity. The chance to use your skills and imagination to push the boundaries of what´s possible. To build never seen before solutions to some of the world’s toughest problems. You´ll be challenged, but you won’t be alone. You´ll be joining a team of diverse innovators, all driven to go beyond the status quo to craft what comes next.

 

What Happens once you apply?

Click Here to find all you need to know about what our typical hiring process looks like.

Encouraging a diverse and inclusive organization is core to our values at Ericsson, that's why we nurture it in everything we do. We truly believe that by collaborating with people with different experiences we drive innovation, which is essential for our future growth. We encourage people from all backgrounds to apply and realize their full potential as part of our Ericsson team.

Ericsson is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, learn more. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to all individuals participating in the application and interview process. If you need assistance or to request an accommodation due to a disability please reach out to interviewsupport@ericsson.com

We are proud to announce at Ericsson India has been named #14 in the country and we have been officially Certified™ in 2021. Every year, more than 10,000 organizations from over 60 countries partner with the Great Place to Work® Institute for assessment, benchmarking and planning actions to strengthen their workplace culture and this Certification acknowledges our employees value their employee experience and our workplace culture.

 

 
